https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-14396--editing (#7229)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: networking/submariner/subm_disconnected.adoc

[#configuring-submariner-disconnected]
== Configuring Submariner on disconnected clusters

> After following the steps that are outlined in link:../../install/install_disconnected.adoc#install-on-disconnected-networks[Install in disconnected network environments], you must configure Submariner during the installation to support deployment on disconnected clusters. 

Reviewer: Optional: 

"Completing" could be more straightforward than "following", and it seems like we could use the imperative voice n the second part:

```suggestion
After completing the steps in link:../../install/install_disconnected.adoc#install-on-disconnected-networks[Install in disconnected network environments], configure Submariner during the installation to support deployment on disconnected clusters. 
```

> See the following procedure:

Reviewer: See or complete? I think we want the users to complete these steps? 

Optional: "procedure" is correct and a RH term, but I think in our RHACM docs, we tend to say "steps" or "task" more than "procedure" 

```suggestion
Complete the following steps:
```

Author: It can be either, I don't think we get this hardlined on how we say it. I like your change. Before there was nothing there.

> . Mirror the images in the local registry. Make sure to mirror the `Submariner Operator bundle` image in the local registry before you deploy Submariner on disconnected clusters.

Reviewer: Optional: 

I like the first sentence as a general action for the user to complete. But since you're more specific in the second sentence, what do you think about removing the first sentence? 

```suggestion
. Mirror the `Submariner Operator bundle` image in the local registry before you deploy Submariner on disconnected clusters.
```

> . Choose the Submariner Operator version that is compatible with your {acm-short} version. For instance, use `0.16.0` for {acm-short} version 2.9.

Author: please review this addition.

Reviewer 2: Looks good to me

> . Choose the Submariner Operator version that is compatible with your {acm-short} version. For instance, use `0.16.0` for {acm-short} version 2.9.

Reviewer: Although not incorrect, IBM SG says to use "select" over "choose" for UI elements, and therefore, encourages the verb choice "select" in general. 

```suggestion
. Select the Submariner Operator version that is compatible with your {acm-short} version. For instance, use `0.16.0` for {acm-short} version 2.9.
```

Author: Not sure if this needs to change, if it is a drop-down or something in the UI...I don't know what the user sees...so I think Choose is more general. Select indicates it could be a box, as well. Without knowledge of what the user sees in the process, I think choose is safe.

Author: I can ask for later versions liek 2.11 and beyond--for 2.9, let's just go with choose.
